3.7 Exercises

1. The concept of the game would be to swat away mosquitoes and other pesky attackers in a camping/forest environment. 
In a linear setting, the AI of the game would walk a predetermined character to the camp site and the user's only focus wouldd be to tap as many pests away as possible in an allotted amount of time.
In a non-linear setting, healthbars and obstacles would be introduced. 
The goal would be to swat away as many as possible within a timeline and/or while engaging in other goals within the level.
Character creation would be available. Daily goals, once achieved, would give prizes (such as bug spray, nets, etc.) that could be used throughout each level as the character progresses. 
Character progression would depend on a successful walk through paths to find the main campsite, quick response time to mosquito attacks, avoiding path obstacles and reaching for found items in the forest alongside different paths.
	a) No group discussion recommended.
	b) No group discussion recommended.

2. a) In the linear, there would be less-to-no storytelling and the UI would be very basic. Vice-versa for the non-linear.
   b) Linear would be real-time and non-linear would be turn-based.

3. In either case of the game, there would be both passive and active challenges. The pests, as well as the character base, forest and campsite would be introduced. 
The gamer would pick up 'boosts' (such as nets, bug spray, etc) while moving through the path, but would also suffer fatigue/health depending on pathway obstacles and pests not swatted before attacking.

4. The start of the game would include an introduction to the character (either created by the user in a non-linear version or pre-chosen in a linear version).
In continuation, the campsite would be introduced with a quick tutorial on items available in the level as well as how to operate the chosen character (non-linear).
Depending on which type of gameplay the user chooses, the continuing layout would either be linear or parallel.